team/sprint2.md, before:

# Sprint 2 - *T04* - *4TheWin*

## Goal

### A shorter trip with a better itinerary.

## Definition of Done

* Ready for the demo.
* Sprint Review and Restrospectives completed.
* Product Increment release created on GitHub with appropriate version number and name, a description based on the template, and a JAR file containing the executables to be used for the demo. 
* Unit tests for all new features and public methods at a minimum.
* Clean continuous integration build/test on master branch.
* No outstanding branches, commits, pull requests.

## Policies

* Master is never broken.  If broken, it is fixed immediately.
* Continuous integration always builds and tests successfully.
* Tests are written before/with code.  
* All changes are built and tested before they are committed.
* Always check for new changes in master to resolve merge conflicts locally before committing them.
* All commits with more than 1 line of change include a task/issue number.
* All pull requests include tests for the affected code.

## Plan 

User stories (epics) in the Sprint Backlog: *#113, #114, #115, #116, #117, #118*. 

Total planned tasks / issues in the Sprint Backlog: *15* 

## Daily Scrums

Date | Tasks done this time | Tasks done next time | Impediments | Confidence
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
 |9/18/17|Cumulative distance, plan and tasks are done | Tests for code in Sprint 1, merge shortest path code (from all in progress tasks), change distanceObject to incorporate all the data instead of certain pieces | Proficiency with JUnit tests and using SVG | Moderate-low
 | 9/20/17 | distanceObject method moved and distanceObject class changed, tests added | nearest neighbor algorithm implemented and optimized, add all info columns to web user interface | nearest neighbor algorithm running slow - optimize algorithm, proficiency with SVG files | moderate-low 
 |9/22/17| Many of the tests written, conversion of svg coordinates | Merge in Sprint 1 tests, add user options to the web interface, keep looking for ways to optimize the nearest neighbor algorithm |  Slow nearest neighbor algorithm, fully understanding svg coordinates and files | Moderately low
 |9/25/17|Research on dynamic user options on the webpage, determined how to put in a line on an svg file | optimize nearest neighbor in the lab today and tomorrow, evaluate what can still be done for this Sprint |Need array of shortest paths for svg file, not having the javascript information that will be posted later today |Moderately confident
 | | | | 

## Review

#### Completed user stories (epics) in Sprint Backlog 
*

Completed ** tasks / issues associated with these user stories.

#### Incomplete user stories / epics in Sprint Backlog 
* 

#### What went well
*

#### Problems encountered and resolutions
* 

## Retrospective

Topic | Teamwork | Process | Tools
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
What we will change this time |  |  | 
What we did well |  |  | 
What we need to work on |  |  |
What we will change next time |  |  |

Commit message:

Update sprint2.md to reflect daily scrum 9/27

team/sprint2.md, after:

# Sprint 2 - *T04* - *4TheWin*

## Goal

### A shorter trip with a better itinerary.

## Definition of Done

* Ready for the demo.
* Sprint Review and Restrospectives completed.
* Product Increment release created on GitHub with appropriate version number and name, a description based on the template, and a JAR file containing the executables to be used for the demo. 
* Unit tests for all new features and public methods at a minimum.
* Clean continuous integration build/test on master branch.
* No outstanding branches, commits, pull requests.

## Policies

* Master is never broken.  If broken, it is fixed immediately.
* Continuous integration always builds and tests successfully.
* Tests are written before/with code.  
* All changes are built and tested before they are committed.
* Always check for new changes in master to resolve merge conflicts locally before committing them.
* All commits with more than 1 line of change include a task/issue number.
* All pull requests include tests for the affected code.

## Plan 

User stories (epics) in the Sprint Backlog: *#113, #114, #115, #116, #117, #118*. 

Total planned tasks / issues in the Sprint Backlog: *15* 

## Daily Scrums

Date | Tasks done this time | Tasks done next time | Impediments | Confidence
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
 |9/18/17|Cumulative distance, plan and tasks are done | Tests for code in Sprint 1, merge shortest path code (from all in progress tasks), change distanceObject to incorporate all the data instead of certain pieces | Proficiency with JUnit tests and using SVG | Moderate-low
 | 9/20/17 | distanceObject method moved and distanceObject class changed, tests added | nearest neighbor algorithm implemented and optimized, add all info columns to web user interface | nearest neighbor algorithm running slow - optimize algorithm, proficiency with SVG files | moderate-low 
 |9/22/17| Many of the tests written, conversion of svg coordinates | Merge in Sprint 1 tests, add user options to the web interface, keep looking for ways to optimize the nearest neighbor algorithm |  Slow nearest neighbor algorithm, fully understanding svg coordinates and files | Moderately low
 |9/25/17|Research on dynamic user options on the webpage, determined how to put in a line on an svg file | optimize nearest neighbor in the lab today and tomorrow, evaluate what can still be done for this Sprint |Need array of shortest paths for svg file, not having the javascript information that will be posted later today |Moderately confident
 | 9/27/17 | Code written for SVG file,  map and nearest neighbor | Add tests and merge code for SVG file, map and nearest neighbor, work on Javascript dropdown menu and any conflicts/issues with merging our code together | Running out of time to complete all epics for this sprint | moderate

## Review

#### Completed user stories (epics) in Sprint Backlog 
*

Completed ** tasks / issues associated with these user stories.

#### Incomplete user stories / epics in Sprint Backlog 
* 

#### What went well
*

#### Problems encountered and resolutions
* 

## Retrospective

Topic | Teamwork | Process | Tools
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
What we will change this time |  |  | 
What we did well |  |  | 
What we need to work on |  |  |
What we will change next time |  |  |
